you don't know when something
unique is gonna happen out here
but you better be on your toes
after a brief stay in dead horse
who has returned home to find a
Wolverine lurking around campus
perimeter to protect yourself
securing camp is a priority came
in last night got as much done
as I could
noted the Wolverine tracks in
there does a decent sized
Wolverine saw my little foxy
bloodied up got up here to look
around and make sure there's no
laws there's no anything
directly in my path to go from
here to the shop and boom way
out here my mile and a half the
big wolverine is that a threat
absolutely they are a force to
be reckoned with and they will
take on an eight hundred-pound
grizzly and win you know it's
just one of those things I'm
gonna make a committed choice do
I go after the wall marine
continue on my chores she comes
closer and then I gotta is no
choice I gotta go take care of
it I have to get my electric
started I have to check the
integrity of Campo just don't
trust that for a little
and see what tracks are there
are they where they had to make
sure that that little Joker
doesn't have a company he's
coming up in this little dude
it's got a taste of blood in
camp I know it hurts slinky I
don't want to be his next meal
this over here
little tiny roundish prints look
at this pace saying this is a
box list got some snow on it but
check out the size difference or
I get my hand that is a
Wolverine you cannot be too
careful here the minute you let
your guard down just put a
little catch up on your cell
phone call yourself report job
you're gonna get it again
Wolverine Wolverine
can't not his he sees it the
other way around
so what's the most imperative
thing that I can do today get my
electric John get those
spotlights on in camp and then
traders tend to stay out of
range of spotlights I'm hoping
that he just says days back and
he goes away but if he doesn't I
will defend his camp with every
piece armament that I've got I
will defend my Foxtons with
every piece argument that I've
gotten this is my camp